Add extra Salt Bundle details (#1458)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/registration-webui.adoc

Registering clients with the {productname} {webui} works for Salt clients only.

If you are bootstrapping Salt clients using the {webui}, it is using xref:specialized-guides:salt/salt-ssh.adoc[Salt SSH] to execute the bootstrap process on the client.

> Salt bundle is used to handle Salt-SSH session on the client, so it is not Python dependant as Python is shipped with the bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Salt SSH uses the Salt Bundle and its included Python interpreter. Therefore, no other Python interpreter needs to be installed on the client.
```
